[Music]
put aspirin in your washing machine and
see what happens as much as we dread
laundry day there's just no getting
around it well not unless you want to
walk around naked according to the
American time use survey by the US
Department of Labor women spend an
average of 17 minutes a day on doing
laundry well that number is five for the
fellas looks like the guys need to step
it up anyway if we're gonna spend so
much time doing it you might as well
make it easier on ourselves don't you
think this video will definitely help
you cut the time you spend sorting
washing and drying your laundry throw
some aspirin into the washer to whiten
your clothes some people try to avoid
wearing white simply because it's a pain
to maintain the washer doesn't seem to
have any trouble removing outside dirt
from white clothing but it's absolutely
hopeless at getting out stubborn yellow
pit stains Plus stained or not white
clothes just lose their brightness over
time guess what we've got some good news
for you putting some aspirin into the
washing machine can help whiten and
brighten your whites and this effect is
all thanks to the salicylic acid
contained in these pills this stuff
isn't just for treating acne it also
gets deep into the fabric of stained
clothes and effectively removes dirt
it's especially good for shirts with
sweat stains since aspirin easily breaks
up and lifts that frustrating yellowish
tint how do use aspirin to whiten your
clothes you'll need 10 aspirins in 325
milligrams peels for each gallon of hot
water as soon as you notice your whites
aren't so white anymore dissolve the
aspirins in hot water crushing the pills
up first will help them dissolve faster
saving you precious time submerge your
garments in the water completely and let
them soak for at least eight hours after
that take your laundry out throw it in
the washer to rinse and let it air dry
in the Sun another option is to add the
already dissolve pill straight into your
wash cycle this isn't quite as effective
as soaking your clothes for several
hours but it can get the job done
now that you know about this little
laundry lifehack you'll be able to reach
for your favorite white shirt and know
that yellow sweat stains are a thing of
the past before we get into other useful
tips there is one more secret use of
aspirin that can really come in handy if
you dissolve the pills in cold water
it'll help you get rid of blood stains
on your clothes it's really important
that the water be cold because hot water
will only fix the proteins in the blood
deep into the fabric once that's
happened it's pretty much impossible to
remove the stain so dampen your clothes
in cold water crush up an aspirin and
rub the powder over the state let it sit
there for several hours then wash your
garment as usual unfortunately this
method probably won't eliminate the
stain completely on the first go but if
you repeat this procedure the spot will
eventually vanish
don't use liquid fabric softener on your
whites experience laundry gurus don't
recommend adding liquid fabric softener
when washing your whites and that's
because it doesn't let your clothes
become as quite as possible if your goal
is blindingly white whites and all you
need to do is use bleach skip on the
detergent and liquid fabric softener
just be sure to pour it into the bleach
tray to avoid stains use mouthwash to
clean the washing machine washers need
to be disinfected regularly in order to
continue performing at the level they're
supposed to there are special detergents
you can buy if you want to keep your
washing machine in tip-top shape or you
can use your regular mouthwash all
you've got to do is add half a cup of
the stuff to your detergent tray run a
full wash cycle and that's it you've
effectively destroyed fungus mold and
harmful bacteria
use baby shampoo to restore shrunken
clothes this might sound weird but baby
shampoo or hair conditioner can return
your shrunken clothes to their original
size well technically it's not possible
to unshrink something that becomes
smaller but in this case you'll relax
the fibers in the garment and this will
make it possible to stretch the fabric
back to its original shape and size to
try it you'll need 1/4 cup or about 60
mils a baby shampoo or a hair
conditioner for every gallon of warm
water let the clothing soak for 15 to 30
minutes in the mixture if you can start
stretching the item out while it's still
submerged when you take it out don't
rinse it just dry it with the towel
stretch it to the necessary size and lay
it out flat it's worth mentioning that
this technique works best with cotton
cashmere and wool clothes silk polyester
and rayon on the other hand will be a
little tougher don't sort your loads by
color don't sort your clothes by their
color sort them by the density of the
fabric every fabrics absorb more water
than lighter ones which is why the
detergent gets washed out on different
items in varying degrees mixing your
fabrics also damages clothes with thin
fibers there are two exceptions though
whites should always be washed
separately from colors don't do what if
the water temperature is higher than 85
degrees Fahrenheit otherwise clothes
with different colors will bleed into
each other use shaving cream to get
makeup stains out getting makeup stains
out can be a pain in the neck to some
foundations and lipsticks can actually
ruin your clothes and remain on them
forever
so to remove makeup from your clothes
you can put regular old shaving cream on
the stain and just wash the items as you
normally would remove stubborn stains
with a hairdryer you can actually get
rid of old non protein stains such as
those from grass soil or juice but not
blood by heating them up with a
hairdryer and then putting a little
detergent on the spot after that put the
article of clothing into the washer and
run your normal cycle the heat helps the
ingredients in the laundry soap work
more effectively
use towels to make your laundry dry
faster if you don't have time to wait
for your dryer to finish a load just
throw a dry towel into the Machine the
towel will absorb the moisture in the
clothes cutting drying time way down
just beware that depending on the towel
your garments may come out covered in
lint but hey that's what lint rollers
are for use special bangs when washing
socks you know how there's always that
one sock from a pair that mysteriously
goes missing well believe it or not
scientists have actually come up with
something called lead sock loss index
psychologist Simon Moore institution
Jeff Ellis teamed up to develop a
formula explaining where lost socks go
and no it's not soccer gnarnia
turns out careless sock pairing and
putting socks in the wrong wash are the
biggest causes of the lost sock a
mystery that's why it's a good idea to
use special banks to wash small pieces
of clothing like socks and undies for
each member of the family there you go
case closed
although I kind of like the idea of sock
ammonia don't dry your clothes too much
it's really hard to iron clothes that
have been dried for longer than
necessary the problem is that the fabric
becomes resistant to heat so it becomes
extremely difficult to reshape it even a
garment steamer won't help you out in
really bad cases of heat resistance it's
easier to iron clothes that are still a
little damp it's even possible to iron
clothes especially dress shirts and
other items made from thin fabric
straight out of the washer and if your
clothes do get over dried just spray
some water on them before you aren't do
you have any laundry hacks or tips of
your own tell us in the comments below
don't forget to click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life